Hi everyone and in this video I'll hand you exercise number 11
because as I've mentioned before for some exercise where I think I need to show the
output on a video, for such exercise will be having video as you see now.
So I'm using the Atom editor with the platformio ide terminal here.
Let me execute the exercise
11.
So what I'm executing now is a finished script so the solution for the exercise, but I won't show you
the solution. I'll be exiting this and just show you the output.
So for this exercise please generate at list from 1 to 20 but do not create the list manually.
such as creating square brackets 1, 2, 3, and 4 and so on.
So please generate a list dynamically and print it out as I did in here.
Thanks.